Generation house keeping (#42)
stencila/thema: README.md

  used to progressively enhance the theme with things like syntax highlighting
  of code blocks.

## Develop

### Prerequisites

- [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com)
- [`git`](https://git-scm.com)

### Getting started

The best way to get started is to develop CSS and JS for a theme with the live updating demo running.

Clone this repository,

```sh
git clone git@github.com:stencila/thema.git
cd thema
```

Install dependencies,

```sh
npm install
```

Run the development server,

```sh
npm run dev
```

Then open http://localhost:1234/index.html in your browser to view the demo.

### Generated code

> Some files in the `src` directory are generated, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some files in the `src` directory are auto-generated and should not be edited manually. Generated files include:
```
